hi how are you doing? 

Nice to meet you

thanks for attend this meeting
I would like to introduce myself first.

My name is Jackson and I am also a fullstack engineer with more than 7 years of experience.

My primary stack is javascript and //During the meantime// I have worked on many projects related to ecommerce, AI and blockchain so far so I got rich experience in several frontend and back-end frameworks such as  react, next, vue, node, express, Django,  Laravel and so on.


 what i am thinking now is that I propose a collaboration where we can succeed together using Upwork account.

do you use your upwork account actively now? 



--------I joined Upwork 5-6 years ago and  have finished many long-term and part time jobs
 but Recently more and more US freelancers joined upwork so it is very difficult, hard to secure high-paid jobs
  
 As you know, most cool US clients prefer to work with US freelancers due to some kind of special reasons like absence of language barriers and time zone differences. ...

And I also realized that us developers who has less experience than me work with high hourly rates,, about 70-80

but my hourly rate was 40-50.


so I think if I collaborate with someone based in US, I can get high-paid jobs more easily based on my rich experience of full stack development.

So m looking for a long-term partner based in US to build a great profile and make much money.

So. My suggestion is that, In one words, 

are you interested in my suggestion?


So my suggestion is that I will send proposals for jobs to get projects by using your accounts. Once the client send message to you, I will responsible for text messaging and  will handle the project , will  deliver high-quality product, on my end , on my local machine, including pushing commit in GitHub and something like that
Anyway, I will responsible for text message and development, you can only charge of verbal communication.
 and what other things,...


If they will ask to join daily meeting, you can mange communication.


your role in this business is   managing  communication, payment , anything as you want


I have rich experience in this business and  I know the way how can we success

This is my brief idea and if you have any questions, feel free to ping me.



do you have a full time job now?

I hope this business will not be interrupting your current job and life





---------Regarding compensation, I propose sharing 15% of the total earnings with you.

This opportunity would require just 2-3 hours of your time per week, offering a potential monthly earning of $3K or more. Importantly, I believe this won't disrupt your personal life or current job I work 13-15 hours daily and will be fully available during US working time zones.

Of course, after getting several contracts in your account, I believe you can devote much time then before, then we can negotiate that increate percentage of your part. But initially, I propse 15 % ..
I hope this is fair suggestion for us now





-------------of course. Regarding using the upwork account, I can't use your account on my end.
And I will use your account remotely using TeamViewer or AnyDesk(remote access)

As you know, Upwork have very sensitive ip checking system so your account can be suspended if I use your account on my end. I hope you can understand this.

Do you have any extra, secondary pc or laptop that you don't use right now?

------what should we do at first?
Initially, we may need to complete four or five small contracts (under $100) to build a reputation and receive a Job Success Score (JSS). With a 100% JSS, we can secure larger projects ($500 to $1,000) and eventually get highlighted for part-time or full-time hourly contracts. 


------how can we handle tax problem?
we can create business equity like llc in this case
then All profits, money we earned from upwork are regarded as company compensation
so you can responsible only for tax in your part
if we earn money from upwork, you can give me money as a salary type
no need to pay tax in full part 
I think this is a good way to handle this problem
